Apply laws of statistics to evaluate the reliability of a written test.
Apply shading to produce depth in drawing.
Apply the rule of law to a new situation
Apply the storytelling technique here to a little story of your own.
Apply your understanding the Olympic spirit to develop a new motto or slogan.
Show the value of x after running this program fragment
Calculate for x in the following equation: 12x=36
Calculate the deflection of a beam under uniform loading.
Calculate the number of sacrificial anodes that would be required to form a calcareous deposit on a steel pile immersed in seawater.
Calculate the rate of habitat fragmentation within the Colorado Front Range in the last decade.
Can you apply the method used to some experience of your own . . .?
Can you group by characteristics such as . . .?
Categorise the pictures and add them to the wall display.
Choose a country that does not compete at the Olympics and explain why that country is not an Olympic member.
Choose any U.S. president and explain how he exercised his power as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces.
Compute the area of actual circles.
Compute the volume of a cylinder
Construct a model to demonstrate how it will work.
Demonstrate how the seasons occur.
Demonstrate how this could work in an industry setting?
Demonstrate using the OPAC and your knowledge of library organization to find a book about turtles.
Demonstrate how your unit’s specific student learning outcomes are linked to the mission of UAM.
Derive a kinetic model from experimental data.
Describe an experiment to answer the question of the effects of weight on the fall of an object.
Construct a market strategy for your product using a known strategy as a model.
Construct a simple payroll program that computes net pay for those working 40 hours or less and net pay for those working over 40 hours.
Draw 3 pictures showing the beginning, middle and ending of the story.
Draw a picture of the bears' house.
Draw a picture of the gown Cinderella wore to the ball.
From the information given, can you develop a set of instructions about . . .?
How could someone modify the Cornell Method to make it effective for researching a topic for a paper?
How might lifestyles in the United States be modified if a more socialistic system were adopted?
If notes are available on the professor’s website, how should those notes be used?
In a teaching simulation with your peers role-playing 6th grade students, demonstrate the principle of reinforcement in classroom interactions and prepare a half page description of what happened during the simulation that validated the principle.
Make a diorama to illustrate an important event.
Make a paper-mache map to include relevant information about an event.
Make a scrapbook about the areas of study.
Make up a puzzle game using the ideas from the study area.
Model an Olympic Village for the new Millenium.
Participate in a mock election
Predict what happens to X if Y increases.
Pretend you are one of the characters in the book. Write a diary about the happenings in your life for two consecutive days.
Relate the principle of reinforcement to classroom interactions.
Relate topographic map to field features
Relate your most powerful story where your use of technology in the classroom has yielded a significant outcome with a student or students
How would you relate position concept with position strategy
Show, through role-play, the final scene in the novel.
Solve a math problem using familiar procedure or formula
Solve for the ten following fraction multiplication problems. Please make sure to show all your work.
Would you solve these two problems using similar approaches
Use Laplace to solve the following problems
Can you solve the following problem
How to specify the impact energy and impact test temperature of the material in the Code
Specify the thickness of a galvanized coating based on atmospheric data? (level 2)
Specify the thickness of a galvanized coating based on atmospheric data? (level 2)
How does one specify the syntactical restrictions
Specify a deterministic finite automaton (DFA) recognizing the
Take a collection of photographs to demonstrate a particular point.
Use a costing model to compute prices on goods to maximise profits and minimise costs.
Use a manual to calculate an employee's vacation time.
Use the distance travelled and cost of petrol to calculate the cost of a coach trip using a spreadsheet.
Use the rule for a semicolon in a sentence.
What factors would you change if . . .?
What questions would you ask if . . .?
Who can use what we know about sonnets and finish this poem?
Would this information be useful if you had a . . .?
 Sketch a prediction of the field lines for the arrangement of electrodes shown in Figure 2
Sketch the blackbody curves for radiation emitted from the Sun and the Earth
Sketch a typical absorption process in a packed column with regeneration in form of
 sketch a graph of velocity versus time for the upward and downward parts of a ball’s flight
How do teenagers use code in emails and instant messages?
 Use the second-derivative test to determine whether critical points where f0(x) = 0 yield relative maxima or relative minima
  Use the unification algorithm to determine whether the following two terms are uni_able. Show intermediate step
Use tableau methods to prove that the following tableau is valid.
Use a sketch too find the exact value of each expression
Use Gauss’ Law to find the electric field between the plates when the charge on them is Q
 What happens if you restrict a determinental process to a subset R  S?
What would happen if the rainfall doubled in your state next year
What happens if you change the direction of the displacement (but not its size)?
What would you do if a heavy growth of bacteria had occurred
What would result if …
What approach would you use to prove the truth of the below statement
 Construct one Turing Machine for computing each of the following functions
Construct a Venn diagram to determine the validity of the given argument.
Construct a dictionary and a truth table to determine if the following statements are logically equivalent
How can we construct H given I, B and E?
 Construct a family of networks to demonstrate that the number of different mincuts in a network can be exponential in the size of the network
 How do you construct foliations on a given manifold M?
How to Construct the Optimal Maintenance Problem
How to construct simple solutions when problems are complex?
Construct the 4-Bit Ripple carry Adder Circuit
Construct an analog circuit with the following specifications
Construct the Data Path of the RISC Processor given in the previous question
How do we construct agents that can deliver. “good” assistance
How to construct the selected information system
Show how they have used creative writing strategies appropriate to the format
Show how to modify Fitch's algorithm given in class today to accommodate non-binary
Show how E-CRM can be used to improve marketing positioning as explained in the article
How would you show your understanding of the ABC process
Show me how you would check the brake lights are working on this car
