Compare Calliope with Howie. Use the word bank.
Compare historical events to contemporary situations
Complete an analogy (analogy tasks are inference tasks)
Describe 4 types of coupling in software design.
Describe how Phillip and Timothy survived on the Cay.
Describe in prose what is shown in graph form.
Describe in your own words how to borrow a book from the library.
Describe in your own words how to copy text from one program into another.
Describe in your own words what happens when a stream's velocity slows.
Describe in your own words what is meant by a sprained ankle.
Describe nuclear transport to a lay person.
Describe the Pareto Principle in statistical software quality assurance.
Describe what goes in each of the four areas on the first page of notes
Describe what took place as the Hato was sinking.
Describe how the linear polarization method can yield corrosion rates
Describe the major clinical differences between visceral and somatic pain
Briefly describe the author's approach to the liabilities of the GOTO statement
Describe what happened at...?
Determine the author’s point of view
Determine the next number in a sequence
Discuss the nature of socialism.
Explain how Timothy saved Phillip's life.
Explain in one's own words how to create a query in a database.
Explain in your own words what a recessive gene is.
Explain in your own words what do you mean by the term economics?
Explain in your own words what is meant by mercantilism.
Explain the causes of historical events
Explain the communicative property.
Explain the double meaning the author attributes to the term "successive action descriptions"
Explain the possible uses described in class for the space to the left of the vertical line.
Explain the process (paraphrase) for finding the perimeter of a rectangular garden
Explain what a poem means.
Explain what the author means by the statement "our intellectual powers are geared to master static relations.
Express your opinion of 'Drugs in Sport' through poetry.
From a blueprint to describe the article depicted.
Given a graph of production trends in automobiles, describe what the graph represents in a memo to your boss.
Given these five corrosion inhibitors, V, W, X, Y, Z, identify which are passivators
Illustrate this caption: "Olympic as a Media Event in the Information Society"
Illustrate what you think the main idea was.
In one sentence explain the main idea of a written passage.
In one sentence illustrate the main point of a written passage.
Interpret the pictures.
Outline in your own words how the Leggo's Tomato Paste advertisement sells their product.
Outline the most important insight of the tale.
Outline the mechanisms employed by bacteria allowing them to evade phagocytic destruction.
Outline an "attack plan" that will allow you to test your hypothesis using computational molecular modeling tools
Paraphrase an important speech
Paraphrase what Hamlet is saying in his soliloquy.
Paraphrase the poem in your own words
Paraphrase this poem about Sheik Schubli, explaining what he was saying about the characteristics of a friend
Describe the output of this program fragment:
Classify types of corrosion inhibitors
 would you classify the zener diode in this circuit as a series voltage regulator or a shunt voltage regulator
Classify the following protocols: IP, TCP, HTTP according to the ISO OSI classification
Classify the following substances as particle, atom, element, molecule, compound
How would you classify the geographic location of your school
Classify animals into two groups.
Classify celebrations into family and community categories.
Classify frogs toads and other amphibians.
Restate main idea of story in own words.
Restate the Olympic motto in your own words.
Retell the story in your words.
Rewrite the principles of test writing.
Rewrite you predicted equation for the ideal gas law
Rewrite the markov matrix to account for this slight change.
Rewrite the sentence in your head, following the direction given below
Rewrite a part in the poem using a different speaker
Select the best title for a passage
State in your own words the rule for balls and strikes in baseball.
State in your own words where in the library to find previous issues of journals that are no longer in the display racks.
Can you state in your own words what the problem is asking you to do
State in your own words what the author means when he says
Summarize a historical document
Summarize a story in own words.
Summarize Jem’s beliefs about Boo Radley
Summarize the basic tenets of collaborative conservation.
Summarize the basic tenets of deconstructionism.
Summarize this magazine article.
Tell how Phillip kept himself alive after Timothy died.
Tell in your own words how the setting of the story made it more interesting.
Tell in your own words the beginning of the book.
In your own words, tell what is meant by the definition of an isosceles triangle.
In your own words, how would you define transferable skills
Translate a written text aloud from L2 to English.
Translate an equation into a computer spreadsheet.
Translate an equation into a spreadsheet formula.
Translate the following passage from The Iliad into English.
Use the E-pH or Pourbaix diagram of Cr to determine the control current and potential for the anodic protection of a S43000 stainless steel vessel.
 Compare and contrast two treatments of either drapery or animals by Greek sculptors, establishing their artistic contexts
 Briefly compare this way of testing the satisfiability of to the more standard way using SLD Resolution, as in Prolog
 How would you compare SAS with the Visual Basic Application and SPSS for the processing and analysis of mainframe data
  Describe and compare the role of Islamic law in the legal systems of Malaysia and Pakistan
Express the rule in function notation
Express the following systems in matrix form
Express the following percentages as fractions in simplest form
Explain the whole method of crushing
In your own words, how would you summarize the story up
Summarize the main point of these two texts in your own words
Outline the aim of two studies within the
 Outline your experience in working with service users
