Apply and integrate several different strategies to solve a mathematical problem (not according to one formula)
Can you create new and unusual uses for . . .?
Can you design a . . . to . . .?
Can you develop a proposal which would . . .?
Can you invent another character for the story?
Can you see a possible solution to . . .?
Can you write a new recipe for a tasty dish?
Choose a character. Rewrite a scene from the story from this character's point of view.
Combine any two sports to develop a new Olympic sport.
Combine elements of drama, music, and dance into a stage presentation.
Compose a class story.
Compose a dialogue between Atticus Finch and Tom Robinson when they first met.
Compose a rhythm or put new words to a known melody.
Compose a simple rap or rhyme about zoo animals.
Compose music for a frog play.
Compose a complete C program that reads text strings from a text file into a suitable data
Compose a device that would assist an athlete in their training.
Compose an original work which incorporates five common materials in sculpture.
Compose your own note-taking design that incorporates all theadvantages of the Cornell Method.
Create a chart that compares things that use electricity and things that do NOT use electricity.
Create a new product. Give it a name and plan a marketing campaign.
Create a new song for the opening line of "Mary had a little lamb".
Create a set of guidelines to determine the points of a plant susceptible to localized corrosion.
Create a storyboard for a sequel to your book. Use the same characters.
Create an equation to represent the solution to this problem.
Create and perform a play about frogs.
Create plan of local environment by drawing around boxes.
Design a building according to given specifications
design a cost effective strategy to generate reliable data.
Design a machine to perform a specific task.
Design a new animal to live in the jungle.
Design a poster for this book.
Design a testing scenario to assess the susceptibility of an alloy to be used in a given environment?
Design and make an animal that moves.
Design costumes for the characters.
Design the architecture of the software system based on the requirements defined in the Software Requirement Specification document
Develop a hypothesis.
Develop a plan for a new Olympic Bid System.
Develop a SQA Plan for a software development project which is defined in the attached document.
Develop a way to teach the concept of "adjectives".
Develop one plausible ending for all three short stories below.
Devise a new economic system based on the ones that already exist.
Devise plans to market or make artwork more valuable.
Draw a painting that uses various principles of perspective to achieve its effect.
Explain how the biological concept of symbiotic relationships could be used to help solve socially created problems like water pollution, overflowing garbage landfills, or homelessness.
Explain why it is likely that a matriarchal family system would be found in a matrilocal or matrilineal society.
Following the identification of the forms of corrosion that were involved in a failure, recommend a solution to avoid this failure?
Given two opposing theories design an experiment to compare them.
How could we determine the number of pennies in a jar without counting them?
How could you re-write this story with a city setting?
how do the clauses and expressions given in the article which replace GOTO statements, lead to the three traditional control statements
How many ways can you . . .?
How would the U.S.A. be different if the South had won the Civil War?
How would you change the story to create a different ending?
How would you create/design a new...?
How would you restructure the school day to reflect children's developmental needs?
Identify one problem in the book and give an alternate solution one not given by the author.
If you had access to all resources how would you deal with . . .?
Integrate training from several sources to solve a problem.
Invent a machine to do a specific task.
Justify your choice of data structure.
Make a radio announcement that advertise the book. Write it out.
Make up a new language code and write material using it.
Name one character. Rewrite the story from this character's point of view.
Organize this book into three or more sections and give your own subtitle for each section.
Plan a research paper on a given historical topic
Predict the differences of a planet with no seasonal changes.
Prepare a book jacket that illustrates the kind of book as well as the story.
Pretend you are a librarian recommending this book to someone. Write a paragraph telling what  you would say.
Revise and process to improve the outcome.
Revise how to complete a complex task in order to improve the outcome.
Revises and process to improve the outcome.
structure, sorts the list in ascending order, displays the list on the screen and stores the list
Suppose Phillip wasn't rescued shortly after Timothy's death. How long could he have survived?
Using information from the book about one of the main characters, rewrite the ending of the book.
What ideas can you add to...?
What might happen if you combined...?
What solutions would you suggest for...?
What would happen if . . .?
What would you predict/infer from...?
Why don’t you devise your own way to deal with . . .?
Why not compose a song about . . .?
Write a C program that accepts integer inputs from the screen, computes the total and average values; and displays the values on the screen.
Write a letter to the editor on a social issue of concern to you.
Write a logically organized argument in favor of a given position.
Write a poem about this book.
Write a set of rules to prevent what happened in the story.
Write a short story relating a personal experience in the style of a picaresque novel.
Write a song about 'Old MacDonald' who had a bulldozer instead of a farm.
Write an essay in not more than 250 words about India and Technological Advancement. Use active voice as much as possible.
How do you combine the results of various individual tests to determine whether a student can progress to a next semester / phase / year?
 How can we combine and abstract facts about a software system to create new knowledge?
How to combine virtual symmetry and symbolic model checking effectively
How do we efficiently combine multiple subject graphs to construct an aig with choice
how do we devise a way to enforce the laws
can you devise an explicit formula for
Do you devise a systematic approach in order to get larger progressions
Develop and execute a program for this exercise
 Develop a network based on the following information: Activity Immediate predecessors
How could we develop a coherent measure of success for organisations engaged in this type of activity with young people?
